

can i leave my contact information so that he can contact me back
call me back asap
hello everyone, I am with a client and I cannot attend the lesson. see you next time
could you tell me when she would be available

would you have some time to meet in order to discuss our project
yes, let's arrange a date for our meeting
if you are available, let's meet on Friday
can i call you back tomorrow in order to confirm our meeting
let's meet (without "us) on Wednesday


What is another word for your competitor? rival
What would you like to do to the competition? Possible answers: crush, dominate, exceed
What are some adjectives to describe a lot of competition? Stiff, tough
What are some adjectives to describe no competition? Light, easy
This type of competition has important consequences. High-stakes



Competition among companies can spur the invention of new or better products, or more efficient processes. 
Firms may race to be the first to market a new or different technology. 
Innovation also benefits consumers with new and better products, helps drive economic growth and increases standards of living.

Ju
JuanC | Speexx
18:10
Disadvantages for Businesses
Competition decreases your market share and shrinks your customer base, especially if demand for your products or services is limited from the start. 
A competitive market can also force you to lower your prices to stay competitive, decreasing your return on each item you produce and sell.

Ju
JuanC | Speexx
18:12
Different ways firms compete
Price. Some goods are price sensitive. ...
Brand loyalty. Consumers can develop a loyalty to their favorite brand and good. ...
Convenience. ...
Service For some products, the quality of the service is important. ...
Offering new products.


litrerary


The best way to stay ahead of your competitors is to know where they stand. You will need to carry out a thorough analysis of your competitors. Make it a point to study their products and services, social media campaigns, content marketing strategies, and overall marketing approach.

Ju
JuanC | Speexx
18:15
SWOT analysis (or SWOT matrix) is a strategic planning technique used to help a person or organization identify strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats related to business competition or project planning.
[1] This technique, which operates by 'peeling back layers of the company'
[2] is designed for use in the preliminary stages of decision-making processes and can be used as a tool for evaluation of the strategic position of organizations of many kinds (for-profit enterprises, local and national governments, NGOs, etc.).
[3] It is intended to specify the objectives of the business venture or project and identify the internal and external factors that are favorable 
and unfavorable to achieving those objectives. Users of a SWOT analysis often ask and answer questions to generate meaningful information 
for each category to make the tool useful and identify their competitive advantage. SWOT has been described as the tried-and-true tool 
of strategic analysis,[4] but has also been criticized for its limitations
